Add OPTIONAL key `type` to "schema" property (#270)
Materials-Consortia/OPTIMADE: optimade.rst

- **description**: Description of the entry.
- **properties**: A dictionary describing queryable properties for this entry type, where each key is a property name.
  Each value is a dictionary, with the

  *REQUIRED keys*:

>   - :field:`description`: String. Description of the property.

Author: Concerning the centralised set of descriptions, I don't think it belongs in this repo? But we could consider adding a sort of collection of suggested default values somewhere none the less? Maybe also in this repo. This would include these `/info/<entry-endpoint>` property descriptions, but maybe also some of the suggested standards for some `meta` response values? I don't know what this would look like. Maybe create an issue for this?

  *OPTIONAL keys*:

>   - :field:`unit`: String. The physical unit symbol in which the property's value is given.

Author: Nice addition.
I think we should consider underlying if a particular set of units (e.g., SI) is preferred as well, e.g., using J (joules) instead of cal (calories) or something weird? Even though one could totally use calories anyway, I guess. A sentence about it would just be nice?

  - :field:`sortable`: Boolean. Whether the property can be used for sorting (see `Entry Listing URL Query Parameters`_ for more information on this field).
  - :field:`type`: Dictionary or string.
    The type of the property's value.
    This can be any of the types defined in `Data types`_

>     :field:`type` SHOULD be given as a string, if the property's type is either: :val:`string`, :val:`integer`, :val:`float`, :val:`boolean`, :val:`timestamp`, or :val:`unknown`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :field:`type` SHOULD be given as a string, if the property's type is either: :val:`string`, :val:`integer`, :val:`float`, :val:`boolean`, :val:`timestamp`, or :val:`unknown`, i.e. a primitive type.
```

I think primitive type is a general nomenclature? Just so this matches the collection type section.

Author: If that's so, we should add it to the section about data types as well.

Author: They are called "basic types" in the `Data types` section. I will use this term instead of primitive.

    If the property's type is either: :val:`list` or :val:`dictionary`, i.e., a collection type, the value of :field:`type` SHOULD be given as a dictionary with the keys:

    - :field:`type`: String. Either :val:`list` or :val:`dictionary`.
    - :field:`content`: Dictionary or string. Similar to the :field:`type` one level up.

    :field:`content` reflects the content of the collection type.
    This can again be a collection type, which will result in the value of :field:`content` being another dictionary with the keys :field:`type` and :field:`content`.

>     While there is no limit to the number of layers of collection types in this specification, a provider should take care to consider the practical limitations of clients and the practical usability and transparency of heavily layered properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    While there is no limit to the number of layers of collection types in this specification, it is RECOMMENDED that a provider takes care to consider the practical limitations of clients and the practical usability and transparency of heavily layered properties.
```

Potentially upgrade this to RECOMMENDED?
